Add autocompletion (#59)
sio2project/sinol-make: README.md

- Windows (WSL): `apt install time timeout`
- macOS: `brew install gnu-time coreutils`

> If you would like to have autocomplete for `sinol-make` commands,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Autocompletion (optional)

If you would like to have autocompletion for `sinol-make` commands,
```

I'm putting it into another section to reduce the amount of needed installation steps. We don't want anyone to look into the installation steps, think "ugh, it's long, I don't wanna do so many steps" and not try our tool.

> add the following line to your `~/.bashrc` (or `~/.zshrc`) file:
> 
> ```shell
> eval "$(register-python-argcomplete sinol-make)"
> ```
> or run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run the following command and refresh the shell (e.g. by opening a new terminal):
```

Reviewer: Even though the command requires refreshing the shell, it's easier to do and requires less technical knowledge.
